- [Instructor] CachingConnectionFactory is
the third way we look at configuring a connection to a MAM.
The CachingConnectionFactory is a subclass
of the SingleConnectionFactory.
It too returns the same connection for all
creatConnection calls,
as well as ignores Connection.close.
CachingConnectionFactory, similarly, is thread-safe
and the spring API says that RecconectonException
flag is defaulted to true for CachingConnectionFactory,
which is the opposite of the single connection factory.
The CachingConnectionFactory allows optionally
caching of consumers and producers.
On startup, if not changed, it will only cache one session,
but you can however change this session size.
Let's open our JMS config, and locate
the connection factory.
We'll change our return type from
SingleConnectionFactory to...
CachingConnectionFactory.
We'll also change the SingleConnectionFactory object
to CachingConnectionFactory.
We'll comment out the set reconnect on exception,
because this is set to true by default for us.
Reconnecting on exception is helpful when you don't
want your processing to die,
because of a lot of lost connection.
Reconnecting on exception is a nice feature to have.
The other thing we're going to do here,
is set our our set cache in size.
So we'll type factory.setSessionCacheSize,
and we'll set it to 100,
which might be overkill for our single usage.
You can actually set it to any number.
Just remember that by default,
it only caches a single connection,
so it sorta makes sense to set this number
to something greater than one.